>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So back to the CLI.
Let's start to build a cell.
So,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: In recent addition
to the English CLI is the ability to add
in third party dependencies from the CLI.
The biggest one is Angular Material.
So from the command line if you
want to add in Angular Material
that you can just ng add angular/material.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And since we
are dealing with angular material,
let's go ahead and let's do,
I'm gonna do one other
thing real quick and
just get it out of the way.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: When you are dealing
with Angular Material specifically,
that they broke out every one of the
components into kind of their own imports.
And so, one of the kind of fresher
new things is that when you
want to pull in like I need a check box,
a button, a text input,
etc., that you have to kind of pull
them in one by one, piecemeal.
Which I understand why they did that and
there's a good reason, but
as you start to work in your application
and you want to start adding things,
it can really become cluttered and noisy.
So, what we're going to do
is create a material module.
Is what you do is you actually, create
a stand-alone module that just imports
everything that you need and
then, exports it.
So, you're not having to go into
your other applications, and
then adding those in one by one.
So, think of this as kind of,
a barrel roll of sorts that we're just
basically wrapping this as a module.
So we'll go ng g lib and material.
So the difference here is when
you're generating an app or
a lib, it's pretty close,
and now if we look
in the Libs folder,
we now have a material folder.
Which in here you'll notice that we have
our module, let me scale this back down.
And so it's just an angular module.
And then what we will do as well is
you want to make this available for
import in other parts of your application,
so by default it does this export star.
I generally will come in here and
fix this.
I think the star is ambiguous and
so I like to be very precise
about what I'm exporting.
Now if we go into our material module and
we're going to hop into our snippets
here and use our first one.
So we're just going to copy this or
copy the entire thing and
then if we go over here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Just paste that in.
And we do not need the common module.
So,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This is
kinda big win number two,
as this will save you a lot of time.
So imports, we just paste that in.
And then what we'll also do is not
only are we going to import them,
but we are going to export them.
This is exports rather, there we go.
The nice thing about having a modern
ID for most of the time it works,
is that you saw how that
basically got red and angry.
It was like, something's not right,
I was able to hop into exports,
or it's export, change it to exports.
Now, what we can do is we can make
this available to our application.
So if we go to, or our dashboard
application, if we go into the app module,
so this is in the dashboard application,
source, app, app module.
And if we go down here into our imports,
we can now start to
type in MaterialModule
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
one thing I wanna call out is,
where is my clicker.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: If you notice
here import MaterialModule
from@workshop/material.
So this is one of the reasons why
we changed that MPM scope, but
this is a lot nicer than .../.../,
lib, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot.
And so this is a really handy
way to keep this nice and clean,
and then I'll go ahead and
just organize these again.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Make sure that
everything is still building.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: workshop/material,
all right.
Let's just see if we can just regain
the policy again and see what happened.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go, so
one thing I have found that because
of the moving pieces sometimes.
And I think,
I gotta be careful what I say, but
I find that Visual Studio code I
think it's a phenomenal editor,
I think it does a lot
of things really well.
But occasionally I sometimes like
the language services will conk out or
the terminal will get weird or
there's like weird cache and
so the first thing I do
is kind of recompile or
I'll shut down the ID entirely and
then restart it.
So, now that we have
the material module in,
we pulled in the material module,
wrapped it in its own module and
then now we're making it
available to our app module.
All right, back into the command line.
Let's generates some additional
pieces that I know we're going to
need in our application.
>> Student: Could you explain
a little bit why you did that,
why you re-export the material library,
as your own library?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So what would happen,
so the question is why do we create this
material module, import it and
then export it back out?
Is imagine if you had, let's say,
three applications in your work space.
Without wrapping this in a module,
you would have to,
at the top of every one of these,
of your applications,
you would have to go
into your applications.
So prior to kind of this technique, what
I would end up doing is I would be in my,
let's say, my application module, and I'd
be importing them at the project level.
>> Student: Okay.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And then I would be
down here, not only importing them, but
then I would also in the declaration say,
like,
I need to clear this or
make this available to my application.
And so now,
what this allows you to do is, keep this,
out of all your individual
stand alone applications, and
come in and simply import all
of that into as a single module.
So it's kind of like a barrel
roll at a module level and
it's just a nice way to keep your
application module nice and clean.
What I have found as well is that if you
are working across a couple different
applications and
then you wanna add a particular,
say you wanted to add
in a material stepper.
Well then you have to go around it and
kind of do that across the board or
this is in a single place.
And the only drawback is that you might
have a small application that maybe is
using two or three of them.
Then I would consider possibly just
cutting another module with just those,
so that you're not incurring
the overhead of all of that.
So, excellent question.
All right.
So let's go back to our command line.
So you're importing all of
the material stuff that you need.
And then, the thing that I did not copy
and paste cuz I wanted to talk about this,
is in our ng module.
So that's the decorator that
takes a module configuration.
We have imports which is an array
of things that we want to import.
And so you notice here that
we have angular/material, and
everything is broken up into
their own separate modules, and
we're just bundling this up,
and if you go to exports,
then we're saying I'm going to pull this
in, so it's available to this module.
But I'm also going to make it available,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: For
every other module or
application that consumes this in.
And if we just go down to the bottom,
what you have is,
you're just exporting the material
module itself, which is just a class.
So back to the command line and
let's generate some stuff.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so what I'm going
to do is I'm going to generate some
libraries, some components, and
just so that they're there.
And so we can start to see now, at scale,
how these pieces start to fit together.